"Viewing this farm as a rectangle, take pictures of trees at the four corners of the farm in any order."
"Going clockwise from the north most tree, take a picture of 4 trees. meaning, go north most, east most, south most, west most. Make sure the pictures are as far a part as possible, locationwise"
"ignoring start and end points, visit as many points as you can in 100 meters and take pictures of each tree."
"Take a picture of the northern most tree. Drive to the middle of the orchard and take another. Drive to the middle of the eastern end and take a picture of two trees next to each other"
"From the starting point, go to the middle of the field and take a picture of a tree. if its average temperature is below 33 C, take a co2 sample. After, go to another random point 5 trees down and do the same thing"
"From the starting point, find a tree somewhere in the middle of the orchard and measure cos. if low reading, go to and take 2 pictures of nearby trees. from there, measure another tree as far away as possible for co2 and repeat the same process. Once done, take a temperature reading at any one of the northern most trees. Finally, return to end."
"From the farm, select 5 pistachio trees in a row to visit and take a picture of 3 of them."
"Take a picture of 2 trees next to each other and then take 2 co2 readings of two trees next to each other."
"Give me a mission plan that visits all the points on the farm. in each of the task parameters, calculate me a reward between 0 and 1 for visiting each of the points based on tie last sampled. last sampled represents days since last sampled. We want higher rewards for points sampled longer ago."
"At the first tree, take a picture. if that picture shows low temperature, take a temperature reading. If that reading is also low, take a co2 sample. if that reading is alos low, drive to a far away tree and repeat the process. if the very first reading isn't low, drive to end"
"Take a picture of the first tree. if the reading is low, take a co2 sample. otherwise, take a temperature reading. then, measure another tree, a different one by taking a picture. if it's low, sample co2. if that reading is low, sample co2 again to confirm. if still low, continue driving to another tree and take another co2 sample. finaly, go to end." 